docs(contributing): jsdocs section (#1104)
faker-js/faker: CONTRIBUTING.md

}
```

## JSDocs

JSDoc are comments above any code structure (variable, function, class, etc.) that have big with `/**` and end with  `*/`. Multiline comments start (if not being the start or end line) with a `*`.
For more infors checkout [jsdoc.app](https://jsdoc.app/about-getting-started.html).

JSDoc will be read and automatically processed by generate:api-docs and therefore need to follow some project conventions. Other standards are in place because we think they provide a better code quality in general.

> > We use eslint-plugin-jsdoc to test for rough style and sorting of doc-tags.

Author: I currently highlighted each rule by putting the in a quote (`>`). I'm open to different ideas.

Reviewer: It's good, it structures the text into small and easy to understand segments.

```ts
/** This is a bad JSDoc description. */
function foo() {
  // implementation
}
```
</td>
</tr>
</table>

> Everything that can be accessed directly by a user should have JSDoc. 

This rule is aimed to target anything that is exported from the faker library. This includes types, interfaces, functions, classes and variables. So if you introduce anything new that is not internal, write JSDoc for it.

> If a `@param` has a default value, it needs to be mentioned at the end of the sentence. 

```ts
/** 
 * This is a good JSDoc description.
 * 
 * @param bar this is a parameter description. Defaults to `0`.
 */
function foo(bar: number = 0) {
  // implementation
}
```

> If a fucntion can throw an error (FakerError) you have to include the `@throws` decorator with an explanation when an error could be thrown

```ts
/** 
 * This is a good JSDoc description.
 * 
 * @param bar this is a parameter description. Defaults to `0`.
 * 
 * @throws If bar is negative.  
 */
function foo(bar: number = 0) {
  // implementation
}
```

> Sentences should always end with a period.

This rule ensures a minimal grammatically correctness in the comments and ensures that all comments look the same.

> > Different decorators have to be separated by an empty line.

Author: What about a description here like:
This rule makes each decorator group more distinctive from the others.

Reviewer: Good idea.

}
```

## JSDocs

> JSDoc are comments above any code structure (variable, function, class, etc.) that have big with `/**` and end with `*/`. Multiline comments start (if not being the start or end line) with a `*`.

Reviewer 2: ```
that have big with
          ~~~
```

> For more infors checkout [jsdoc.app](https://jsdoc.app/about-getting-started.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more info checkout [jsdoc.app](https://jsdoc.app/about-getting-started.html).
```

Author: Fixed in 1560cae

> JSDoc will be read and automatically processed by generate:api-docs and therefore need to follow some project conventions. Other standards are in place because we think they provide a better code quality in general.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSDoc will be read and automatically processed by `generate:api-docs` and therefore need to follow some project conventions. Other standards are in place because we think they provide a better code quality in general.
```
I would highlight special things such as commands.

> > We use eslint-plugin-jsdoc to test for rough style and sorting of doc-tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> We use eslint-plugin-jsdoc to test for basic styling and sorting of doc-tags.
```

This is in place so all JSDoc decorators will get sorted automatically, so you don't have to bother with it. This also means that most rules in this section can get auto fixed by the eslint formatter.

> JSDocs should always be multiline

> While single line JSDoc are technically valid, we decided to follow this rule since it makes changes in the git difference much more clear and easier to understand.

Author: I had it as 'git diff' first, but thought: 'Why not be explicit in the docs'. 
TBH, I don't really care, so I would like to get feedback from any other maintainer/member and be fine.

> While single line JSDoc are technically valid, we decided to follow this rule since it makes changes in the git difference much more clear and easier to understand.

Reviewer: I prefer `git diff`. We already have `changes` right above it.

<table>
<tr>
<th>Do</th>
<th>Dont</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

```ts
/**
 * This is a good JSDoc description.
 */
function foo() {
  // implementation
}
```

</td>
<td>

```ts
/** This is a bad JSDoc description. */
function foo() {
  // implementation
}
```

</td>
</tr>
</table>

> Everything that can be accessed directly by a user should have JSDoc.

This rule is aimed to target anything that is exported from the faker library. This includes types, interfaces, functions, classes and variables. So if you introduce anything new that is not internal, write JSDoc for it.

> If a `@param` has a default value, it needs to be mentioned at the end of the sentence.

```ts
/**
 * This is a good JSDoc description.
 *
 * @param bar this is a parameter description. Defaults to `0`.
 */
function foo(bar: number = 0) {
  // implementation
}

> ```

Reviewer: You might want to add that the sentence will get parsed, so the layout/content is important.

Author: I don't understand what you mean by that :( 
Can you give an example?

Reviewer: If the `@param` texts ends with ``Defaults to `x`.``, then that is removed from the api docs page and the value is used for the `Default` column.

Example:
![grafik](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1579362/175830643-2d1d2725-122b-4e51-94fb-7b1d24b5e782.png)
https://github.com/faker-js/faker/blob/85246b90e1a2c76ad66c28b2788dec2748ad1c35/src/modules/date/index.ts#L264

Not sure if this is worth mentioning.

Reviewer 3: Btw. apparently, version 0.23 of typedoc parser supports optional params: https://github.com/TypeStrong/typedoc/pull/1810#issuecomment-1166638908

> > If a fucntion can throw an error (FakerError) you have to include the `@throws` decorator with an explanation when an error could be thrown

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
> If a function can throw an error (FakerError) you have to include the `@throws` decorator with an explanation when an error could be thrown
```

```ts
/**
 * This is a good JSDoc description.
 *
 * @param bar this is a parameter description. Defaults to `0`.
 *
 * @throws If bar is negative.
 */
function foo(bar: number = 0) {
  // implementation
}
```

> Sentences should always end with a period.

This rule ensures a minimal grammatically correctness in the comments and ensures that all comments look the same.

> Different decorators have to be separated by an empty line.

<table>
<tr>
<th>Do</th>
<th>Dont</th>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>

```ts
/**

>  * This is a good JSDoc description.

Reviewer: It might be confusing to refer to a good jsdocs here.

Author: So just `This is a good description`?

Reviewer: No, both the correct amd the bad example claim to be the good one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * This is a bad JSDoc block, because it has no linebreaks between sections.
```

Author: Oh, my bad. Was reading in the discussions tab. Didn't notice that this is supposed to be the "bad" example.

 * @param a The first summand.
 * @param b The second summand.
 * @example sum(1, 1) // 2
 * @example sum(13, 56) // 69
 */
function sum(a: number, b: number): string {
  // implementation
}
```

</td>
<td>

```ts
/**

>  * This is a good JSDoc description.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * This is a good JSDoc block, because it follows the Faker preferences.
```

Author: Why is "description" wrong? Normally you would set the description by the `@description` tag. But according to the [JSDoc documentation](https://jsdoc.app/tags-description.html) the `@description` can be limited if it is located at the very beginning of the JSDoc comment.

Author: Ok, I understand. With `block` you are referencing the entire JSDoc and not just the description itself. My bad.

 *
 * @param a The first summand.
 * @param b The second summand.
 *
 * @example sum(1, 1) // 2
 * @example sum(13, 56) // 69

>  */

Reviewer 4: Please make this JSDoc match with the `foo()` function. Thanks!

}
```

## JSDocs

JSDoc are comments above any code structure (variable, function, class, etc.) that begin with `/**` and end with `*/`. Multiline comments start (if not being the start or end line) with a `*`.
For more info checkout [jsdoc.app](https://jsdoc.app/about-getting-started.html).

> JSDoc will be read and automatically processed by `generate:api-docs` and therefore need to follow some project conventions. Other standards are in place because we think they provide a better code quality in general.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
JSDoc will be read and automatically processed by `generate:api-docs` and therefore need to follow some project conventions. Other standards are in place because we think they increase the code quality.
```
